Welcome to Eagle vs. Shark

Game Setup:
Eagle vs. Shark has 3 different ways to play. From the home screen you
will see 3 buttons Start Game, Create Custom Game, Single Player.
Start Game will commence a standard game of Eagle vs. Shark using our
preset rules. Create Custom Game will allow you to customise the
parameters of the game, such as time per turn, number of turns,
board size and number of pieces. Finally, Single Player will start a
game between you and an AI controlled player.

How To Win:
To win Eagle vs. Shark capture more territory than your opponent before
the final turn or capture over 60% of the total board area.

How To Move Your Pieces:
When its your turn select one of your pieces on the board. On the right
you will see a list of potential moves. Select one of these to see
the movement path of that piece. Once you have chosen a move, click
the "Move Piece" button in the bottom right to move your piece.

Power Moves:
To use your pieces power move. Select the Power Move toggle above the
move list. This will provide your piece with additional movement
capabilities. Make sure not to over use your Power Moves! You only have
a limited amount!

How to Capture Territory:
To capture territory move your pieces around the board. Each piece
moves in their own unique way. Explore the different movements options
of each piece to see which method works for you.

Obstacles:
Various obstacles are scattered throughout the board. These objects will
limit the movement of pieces by preventing pieces from landing on those
squares. Trees block Eagles, rocks prevent Sharks and Forests stop both
Eagles and Sharks.

Attacking the Enemy Pieces:
Each piece has a way of hindering the opposing pieces. For example,
when the Hammerhead Shark moves, it will slam its hammer into the
ground. Any opposing piece that is caught in the line of fire will
find its way back to its starting line. Like with movement, each piece
attacks differently. Experiment with the different pieces to find the
best mode of offense.

Undo a Move:
Each player is granted 1 undo move. The undo button allows you to undo
1 to 3 moves. Be sure to use this wisely!

The team at Mango hope you enjoy Eagle vs. Shark